rec: polish docs describing how to modify policy decisions (#15783)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/recursordist/docs/lua-scripting/hooks.rst

Modifying Policy Decisions
--------------------------
:program:`Recursor` has a :doc:`policy engine based on Response Policy Zones (RPZ) <../lua-config/rpz>`.
It is possible to alter decisions by using Lua hooks.
The :func:`policyEventFilter` hook is called on policy hits but before the policy comes into action, allowing
modifications of the policy decision.

Example script using :func:`policyEventFilter`
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: Lua

    -- This is the preferred approach to modify policy decisions
    -- Dont ever block my own domain and IPs
    -- To make the policy engine ignore a hit instead, return true
    function policyEventFilter(event)
      if event.qname:equal("example.com") then
        -- replace the decision with a custom CNAME
        event.appliedPolicy.policyKind = pdns.policykinds.Custom
        event.appliedPolicy.policyCustom = "example.net"
        -- returning false so that the hit is not ignored
        return false
      end
      return false
    end

If the decision is modified in Lua hooks other than :func:`policyEventFilter` like :func:`preresolve`, ``false`` should be

> returned, as the query is not actually handled by Lua.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
returned, as the query will not actually get handled by Lua.
```
perhaps?

Author: a Lua hook returning `false` is a signal to rec to continue resolving as the hook decided not to handle the query itself. So perhaps: `returned, as the hook decided not to handle the query.`

This makes the Recursor pick up the modified decision.

The policy decision is checked after :func:`preresolve` and any :func:`policyEventFilter` call.

Pre-4.4.0 example script
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: Lua

>     -- It is preferred to use a policyEventFilter, see example above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- It is preferred to use a policyEventFilter, see example above.
```
